This Privacy Policy describes how Note App ("the App") collects, uses, and protects your information when you use our mobile application. By using the App, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

1. Information We Collect

User-Generated Content: The App allows you to create and store notes. This includes text, images, links, formatting and any other content that you input into the app.

Usage Data: We may collect usage data, such as the time you access notes or number of notes you save, it is used only to improve the app experience.

Device Information: We do not collect any information related to your device.

Advertising Data: The Google Mobile Ads SDK is used to display banner ads and interstitial ads, it may collect information to show relevant ads, please review Google ad policy for more information.

2. How We Use Your Information

Provide and Improve the App: We use the collected information to provide the note-taking services, personalize your experience, and improve the app experience.

Display ads: The ad related data is used to show personalized ads by Google, and you may chose to provide us with or with out the permission, if you give the permission for personal ads, then the ads will be personalized.

App Analytics: We do not use usage data for any other analytics other than to display ads.

3. How We Share Your Information

Third-Party Ads: We may share information for serving personalized ads, the data collected by the ads provider will be handled as per their policy.

No Other Sharing: We will not sell or share your personal information with third parties for advertising purposes.

Law Enforcement: We may disclose information to comply with the law or legal processes, or protect our rights.

4. Data Storage and Security

Local Storage: Your notes and other data are stored locally on your device using a local database. The data is saved locally, and it is not encrypted on the local storage.

Data Backup: The text and tags data are stored on your local storage.

Data Export/Import: You can share your notes via any channel available on your device as plain text, we do not support importing or exporting of notes using any other form.

Data Security: We use reasonable security measures to protect your data but no method is fully secure.

5. User Consent

Consent for ads: We use a consent dialog box to ask users for consent, before showing ads. We do not load any ad without user's explicit consent.

6. Children's Privacy

This App is designed for general use and not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with such information, please contact us, and we will take steps to delete that information. We also do not perform any action that explicitly verifies user’s age.

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy on this page. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically for changes.

8. Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at your_email@example.com.
